README.md, before:

# learning-materials

## 1.Operating Systems

- [Operating Systems: Three Easy Pieces](http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/)
- [6.828: Operating System Engineering](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2017/)
- [Operating System Concepts](http://iips.icci.edu.iq/images/exam/Abraham-Silberschatz-Operating-System-Concepts---9th2012.12.pdf)
## 2.Computer Networking
- [Computer Networking, A Top-Down Approach](https://www.bau.edu.jo/UserPortal/UserProfile/PostsAttach/10617_1870_1.pdf)
- [Computer Networks, 5th Edition](https://book.douban.com/subject/10510747/)
- [TCP/IP详解 卷1：协议（原书第2版）](https://book.douban.com/subject/26825411/)
- [Computer Networks -- want to program the Internet?](http://www.cs.dartmouth.edu/~campbell/cs60/)
- [CS144: Introduction to Computer Networking](http://www.scs.stanford.edu/10au-cs144/) [(Cources Video)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvFG2xYBrYAQCyz4Wx3NPoYJOFjvU7g2Z)
## 3.Distributed Systems
- [6.824: Distributed Systems](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.824/)
- [15-440/640, Spring 2014: Distributed Systems](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~dga/15-440/S14/)
- [15-712 Advanced and Distributed Operating Systems, Fall 2017](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~15712/)
- [Distributed systems, for fun and profit](http://book.mixu.net/distsys/)
- [大型分布式网站架构设计与实践](https://book.douban.com/subject/25972633/)
- [Hadoop权威指南(第3版)](https://book.douban.com/subject/26206050/)
- [Hadoop in Action](https://book.douban.com/subject/4049942/)
- [Distributed Code Jam](https://code.google.com/codejam/past-contests)
## 4.Programming Language
- [CS107 - Programming Paradigms](https://see.stanford.edu/Course/CS107) [(Cources Video)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/paradigms.html)
- [跟我一起写Makefile](https://seisman.github.io/how-to-write-makefile/Makefile.pdf)
- [The C++ Programming Language](https://book.douban.com/subject/7053134/)
- [C++ Primer中文版（第5版）](https://book.douban.com/subject/25708312/)
- [Effective C++](https://book.douban.com/subject/1842426/)
- [Effective STL](http://ptgmedia.pearsoncmg.com/images/9780201749625/samplepages/0201749629.pdf)
- [The Java™ Tutorials](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/)
- [The Python Tutorial](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/)
- [A tour of Go](https://tour.golang.org/list)
- [Advanced Bash-Scripting Guide](https://www.tldp.org/LDP/abs/html/)
- [UNIX环境高级编程（第3版）](https://book.douban.com/subject/25900403/)
- [Head First 设计模式（中文版）](https://book.douban.com/subject/2243615/)
- [编写可读代码的艺术](https://book.douban.com/subject/10797189/)
- [代码之美](https://book.douban.com/subject/3224524/)
- [Google Style Guides](https://github.com/google/styleguide)
## 5.Math
- [Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-041sc-probabilistic-systems-analysis-and-applied-probability-fall-2013/) [(Cources Video)](https://www.bilibili.com/video/av6182731?from=search&seid=4088416196969094190)
- [18.06 Linear Algebra, Spring 2018](http://web.mit.edu/18.06/www/) [(Cources Video)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/daishu.html) [(Exercise Lesson)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/mitxianxingdaishuxitike.html)
- [微积分重点](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/weijifen.html) [(Exercise Lesson)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/calculus.html)
- [多变量微积分](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/multivariable.html) [(Exercise Lesson)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/duobianliangweijifen.html)
## 6.Machine Learning & Deep Learning
- [CS229: Machine Learning](http://cs229.stanford.edu/) [(Cources Video)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/machinelearning.html)
- [Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning](http://users.isr.ist.utl.pt/~wurmd/Livros/school/Bishop%20-%20Pattern%20Recognition%20And%20Machine%20Learning%20-%20Springer%20%202006.pdf)
- [CS230: Deep Learning](https://web.stanford.edu/class/cs230/)
- [deeplearning.ai](https://www.deeplearning.ai/)
- [CS 20: Tensorflow for Deep Learning Research](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs20si/index.html)
- [CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](http://cs231n.stanford.edu/)
- [推荐系统实践](https://book.douban.com/subject/10769749/)
- [集体智慧编程](https://book.douban.com/subject/3288908/)
- [机器学习](https://book.douban.com/subject/26708119/)
- [统计学习方法](https://book.douban.com/subject/10590856/)
- [机器学习实战](https://book.douban.com/subject/24703171/)
- [深度学习](https://book.douban.com/subject/27087503/)
- [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/)
## 7.Test & Operation
- [How Google Tests Software](https://book.douban.com/subject/7065508/)
- [SRE: Google运维解密](https://book.douban.com/subject/26875239/)
- [Docker容器与容器云](https://book.douban.com/subject/26593175/)
- [Docker进阶与实战](https://book.douban.com/subject/26701218/)
## 8.Algorithm
- [算法导论](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/algorithms.html)
- [Codeforces](https://codeforces.com/)
- [Topcoder](https://www.topcoder.com/)
- [Atcoder](https://atcoder.jp/)

Commit message:

add materials to machine-learning & deep learning

README.md, after:

# learning-materials

## 1.Operating Systems
- [Operating Systems: Three Easy Pieces](http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/)
- [6.828: Operating System Engineering](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.828/2017/)
- [Operating System Concepts](http://iips.icci.edu.iq/images/exam/Abraham-Silberschatz-Operating-System-Concepts---9th2012.12.pdf)
## 2.Computer Networking
- [Computer Networking, A Top-Down Approach](https://www.bau.edu.jo/UserPortal/UserProfile/PostsAttach/10617_1870_1.pdf)
- [Computer Networks, 5th Edition](https://book.douban.com/subject/10510747/)
- [TCP/IP详解 卷1：协议（原书第2版）](https://book.douban.com/subject/26825411/)
- [Computer Networks -- want to program the Internet?](http://www.cs.dartmouth.edu/~campbell/cs60/)
- [CS144: Introduction to Computer Networking](http://www.scs.stanford.edu/10au-cs144/) [(Cources Video)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvFG2xYBrYAQCyz4Wx3NPoYJOFjvU7g2Z)
## 3.Distributed Systems
- [6.824: Distributed Systems](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.824/)
- [15-440/640, Spring 2014: Distributed Systems](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~dga/15-440/S14/)
- [15-712 Advanced and Distributed Operating Systems, Fall 2017](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~15712/)
- [Distributed systems, for fun and profit](http://book.mixu.net/distsys/)
- [大型分布式网站架构设计与实践](https://book.douban.com/subject/25972633/)
- [Hadoop权威指南(第3版)](https://book.douban.com/subject/26206050/)
- [Hadoop in Action](https://book.douban.com/subject/4049942/)
- [Distributed Code Jam](https://code.google.com/codejam/past-contests)
## 4.Programming Language
- [CS107 - Programming Paradigms](https://see.stanford.edu/Course/CS107) [(Cources Video)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/paradigms.html)
- [跟我一起写Makefile](https://seisman.github.io/how-to-write-makefile/Makefile.pdf)
- [The C++ Programming Language](https://book.douban.com/subject/7053134/)
- [C++ Primer中文版（第5版）](https://book.douban.com/subject/25708312/)
- [Effective C++](https://book.douban.com/subject/1842426/)
- [Effective STL](http://ptgmedia.pearsoncmg.com/images/9780201749625/samplepages/0201749629.pdf)
- [The Java™ Tutorials](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/)
- [The Python Tutorial](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/)
- [A tour of Go](https://tour.golang.org/list)
- [Advanced Bash-Scripting Guide](https://www.tldp.org/LDP/abs/html/)
- [UNIX环境高级编程（第3版）](https://book.douban.com/subject/25900403/)
- [Head First 设计模式（中文版）](https://book.douban.com/subject/2243615/)
- [编写可读代码的艺术](https://book.douban.com/subject/10797189/)
- [代码之美](https://book.douban.com/subject/3224524/)
- [Google Style Guides](https://github.com/google/styleguide)
## 5.Math
- [Probabilistic Systems Analysis and Applied Probability](https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-041sc-probabilistic-systems-analysis-and-applied-probability-fall-2013/) [(Cources Video)](https://www.bilibili.com/video/av6182731?from=search&seid=4088416196969094190)
- [18.06 Linear Algebra, Spring 2018](http://web.mit.edu/18.06/www/) [(Cources Video)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/daishu.html) [(Exercise Lesson)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/mitxianxingdaishuxitike.html)
- [微积分重点](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/weijifen.html) [(Exercise Lesson)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/calculus.html)
- [多变量微积分](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/multivariable.html) [(Exercise Lesson)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/duobianliangweijifen.html)
## 6.Machine Learning & Deep Learning
- [CS229: Machine Learning](http://cs229.stanford.edu/) [(Cources Video)](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/machinelearning.html)
- [use numpy, scipy, and tensorflow to implement these basic ML model and learning algorithm](https://github.com/icrtiou/Coursera-ML-AndrewNg)
- [Machine Learning, Tom Mitchell](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~tom/10701_sp11/lectures.shtml)
- [Learning From Data - Online Course (MOOC)](http://work.caltech.edu/telecourse.html)
- [The Elements of Statistical Learning - Stanford University](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/Papers/ESLII.pdf)
- [Machine Learning, Tom Mitchell, McGraw Hill, 1997.](https://www.cs.ubbcluj.ro/~gabis/ml/ml-books/McGrawHill%20-%20Machine%20Learning%20-Tom%20Mitchell.pdf)
- [Deep Learning](http://www.deeplearningbook.org/)
- [Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning](http://users.isr.ist.utl.pt/~wurmd/Livros/school/Bishop%20-%20Pattern%20Recognition%20And%20Machine%20Learning%20-%20Springer%20%202006.pdf)
- [CS230: Deep Learning](https://web.stanford.edu/class/cs230/)
- [deeplearning.ai](https://www.deeplearning.ai/)
- [CS 20: Tensorflow for Deep Learning Research](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs20si/index.html)
- [CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](http://cs231n.stanford.edu/)
- [推荐系统实践](https://book.douban.com/subject/10769749/)
- [集体智慧编程](https://book.douban.com/subject/3288908/)
- [机器学习](https://book.douban.com/subject/26708119/)
- [统计学习方法](https://book.douban.com/subject/10590856/)
- [机器学习实战](https://book.douban.com/subject/24703171/)
- [深度学习](https://book.douban.com/subject/27087503/)
- [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/)
## 7.Test & Operation
- [How Google Tests Software](https://book.douban.com/subject/7065508/)
- [SRE: Google运维解密](https://book.douban.com/subject/26875239/)
- [Docker容器与容器云](https://book.douban.com/subject/26593175/)
- [Docker进阶与实战](https://book.douban.com/subject/26701218/)
## 8.Algorithm
- [算法导论](http://open.163.com/special/opencourse/algorithms.html)
- [Codeforces](https://codeforces.com/)
- [Topcoder](https://www.topcoder.com/)
- [Atcoder](https://atcoder.jp/)
